42sh(1) -- Interactive Shell coded in C
=======================================

## SYNOPSIS

`42sh` [<optional>...] <flags>

`42sh` [<optional>...] <flags>

`42sh` [<optional>...] <flags>

`42sh` [<optional>...] <flags>

## DESCRIPTION

**42sh is an interactive shell reproducing basic functionalities of bash**
implemented in C at Epita school.
**EPITA** being one of the leading Computer Science Engineering Schools in France.
The 42sh is a **big project** that will teachs us several skills.
The first aspect is human, because being **four students** (see AUTHORS) working
for the fist time together during **four weeks**, we had to work seriously on our
communication in order to boost our efficiency and lower the risk of having
personal arguments. Furthermore, in the making of this project we were able to
acquire some **wisdom**, **patience** and **self-mastery**.
During this project we had to use every skill and experience we gained during the
previous school projects, in order to achieve the best 42sh we could.
The 42sh was also a valuable mean to learn new languages and technologies we
had to use mainly for compiling and testing our code (Python, Cmake, Criterion...).

## OPTIONS

 * `-h`, `--help` :
    Displays the help screen.

 * `--version` :
    Displays version information.

 * `-c <command>` :
    Follow the bash behavior for this option.

 * `[-+]O` :
    Follow the bash behavior for this option.
    Only shopt variables that are required by 42sh must be accepted.

* `--norc` :
    This option deactivates the resource reader.

* `--ast-print` :
    This option activates the AST printer.

* `-l`, `--list` :
    Display the list of test categories.

* `-c <category>`, `--category <category>` :
    Execute the test suite on the categories passed in argument only.

* `-s`, `--sanity` :
    Execute the test suite with sanity checks enabled: e.g. valgrind.
    Any reported error must mark the test as failed.

* `-t <time>`, `--timeout <time>` :
    Set time as a general timeout time (in seconds).

## EXAMPLES

    $ ./42sh
    $ cat test.sh | ./42sh
    $ ./42sh -c "echo example"

## AUTHORS

cloe.lacombe <cloe.lacombe@epita.fr>

nicolas.blin <nicolas.blin@epita.fr>

pierrick.made <pierrick.made@epita.fr>

zakaria.ben-allal <zakaria.ben-allal@epita.fr>
